docs: Refactor the README to be more user-oriented (#444)
apache/iceberg-rust: README.md

[docs release]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-release-blue
[iceberg]: crates/iceberg/README.md
[iceberg image]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/iceberg.svg
[iceberg link]: https://crates.io/crates/iceberg
[iceberg release docs]: https://docs.rs/iceberg

[iceberg-datafusion]: crates/integrations/datafusion/README.md

[iceberg-catalog-glue]: crates/catalog/glue/README.md

[iceberg-catalog-hms]: crates/catalog/hms/README.md
[iceberg-catalog-hms image]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/iceberg-catalog-hms.svg
[iceberg-catalog-hms link]: https://crates.io/crates/iceberg-catalog-hms
[iceberg-catalog-hms release docs]: https://docs.rs/iceberg-catalog-hms

[iceberg-catalog-rest]: crates/catalog/rest/README.md
[iceberg-catalog-rest image]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/iceberg-catalog-rest.svg
[iceberg-catalog-rest link]: https://crates.io/crates/iceberg-catalog-rest
[iceberg-catalog-rest release docs]: https://docs.rs/iceberg-catalog-rest

## Contribute

Iceberg is an active open-source project. We are always open to people who want to use it or contribute to it. Here are

> some ways to go.

Reviewer: I'd suggest "Here are some ways to get involved".

> Iceberg is an active open-source project. We are always open to people who want to use it or contribute to it. Here are
> some ways to go.

Reviewer 2: Maybe good to include the ASF as well.
```suggestion
Apache Iceberg is an active open-source project, governed under the Apache Software Foundation (ASF). We are always open to people who want to use or contribute to it. Here are some ways to get involved.
```
This also includes Scott's suggestion.

- Start with [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).
- Submit [Issues](https://github.com/apache/iceberg-rust/issues/new) for bug report or feature requests.
- Discuss
  at [dev mailing list](mailto:dev@iceberg.apache.org) ([subscribe](<mailto:dev-subscribe@iceberg.apache.org?subject=(send%20this%20email%20to%20subscribe)>) / [unsubscribe](<mailto:dev-unsubscribe@iceberg.apache.org?subject=(send%20this%20email%20to%20unsubscribe)>) / [archives](https://lists.apache.org/list.html?dev@iceberg.apache.org))

> - Talk to community directly

Reviewer: Talk to **the** community directly

Author: Fixed.

  at [Slack #rust channel](https://join.slack.com/t/apache-iceberg/shared_invite/zt-1zbov3k6e-KtJfoaxp97YfX6dPz1Bk7A).

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The Apache Iceberg community is built on the principles described in the [Apache Way](https://www.apache.org/theapacheway/index.html) and all who engage with the community are expected to be respectful, open, come with the best interests of the community in mind, and abide by the Apache Foundation [Code of Conduct](https://www.apache.org/foundation/policies/conduct.html).
```
